c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form1.resources
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe.config
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
c:\users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\murug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form3.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form2.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Admin_adddept.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_users.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_stud.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_staff.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_sub.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form4.resources
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\murug\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.inter_marks.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe.config
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_staff.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_stud.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_sub.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_users.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Admin_adddept.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form1.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form2.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form3.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form4.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.inter_marks.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
E:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe.config
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_staff.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_stud.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_sub.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_users.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Admin_adddept.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form1.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form2.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form3.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form4.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.inter_marks.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database2.mdf
H:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database2_log.ldf
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database2.mdf
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\Database2_log.ldf
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe.config
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_staff.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_stud.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_sub.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.add_users.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Admin_adddept.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form1.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form2.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form3.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form4.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.inter_marks.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.exe
F:\WindowsFormsApplication4\WindowsFormsApplication4\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.pdb
